h1. small-type

Makes the text use incremental leading and decreases its size. Every 4 lines of normal type, there are 5 lines of smaller type.

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|n/a|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Type | n/a | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=small-type
	{ 
		line-height: eval(floor((!baseline*4)/5))px; 
		font-size: 11px; 
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. all-caps

Surround uppercase words and abbreviations with this class. Based on work by Jørgen Arnor Gårdsø Lom [http://twistedintellect.com/]

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|n/a|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Type | n/a | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=all-caps
	{ 
		font-variant: small-caps; 
		letter-spacing: 1px; 
		text-transform: lowercase; 
		font-size:1.2em;
		line-height:1%;
		font-weight:bold;
		padding:0 2px;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. link-info

Give this to links you want to show more information

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|n/a|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Type | n/a | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=link-info
	{
		&[href^="http"]:after
		{
			margin:0 5px 0 0; font-family:"Zapf Dingbats"; content: "\279C";
		}
		
		&[href$="pdf"]:after	{ content: " (pdf)"; }  
		&[href$=".doc"]:after	{ content: " (doc)"; } 
		&[href$=".zip"]:after	{ content: " (zip)"; } 
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. drop-cap

Makes the first letter a drop-cap.

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|n/a|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Type | baskerville | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=drop-cap
	{  
		&:first-letter
		{
			+baskerville;
			
			display:block;  
			margin:5px 0 0 5px;  
			float:left;    
			font-size:60px;   
		}
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. nice-amp

For some nice-looking ampersands

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|n/a|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Type | warnock | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=nice-amp 
	{ 
	  +warnock; 
	  font-style: italic;
	  font-weight: normal;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. image-replaced

Pushes the text out of view. It requires that the element also has a height, width and a background image. Remember that Scaffold comes with a built-in image replacement plugin.

You can image replace like so:

<pre><code>
.selector 
{
	image-replace: 'image-name'; 
}
</code></pre>

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|n/a|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Type | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
   	=image-replaced
	{
		display:block;
		text-indent:-9999px;
		background-repeat: no-repeat;
		background-position: 0 0;
		overflow:hidden;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. times

Font stack  for Times

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|n/a|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Type | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=times
	{
		font-family: Times, Times New Roman, Georgia, serif;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. helvetica

Font stack  for Times

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|n/a|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Type | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=helvetica
	{
		font-family: "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. myriad

Font stack for Myriad Pro

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|n/a|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Type | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=myriad
	{
		font-family: "MyriadPro", Myriad, "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. baskerville

Font stack for Baskerville

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|n/a|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Type | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=baskerville
	{
		font-family: Baskerville, Times New Roman, Times, serif;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. cambria

Font stack for Cambria

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|n/a|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Type | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=cambria
	{
		font-family: Cambria, Georgia, Times, Times New Roman, serif;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. centurygothic

Font stack for Century Gothic

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|n/a|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Type | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=centurygothic
	{
		font-family: Century Gothic, Apple Gothic, sans-serif;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. monospace

Font stack for code.

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|n/a|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Type | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=monospace
	{
		font-family: "Espresso Mono", Consolas, Lucida Console, Monaco, monospace;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. franklingothic

Font stack for Franklin Gothic.

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|n/a|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Type | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=franklingothic
	{
		font-family: Franklin Gothic Medium, Arial Narrow Bold, Arial, sans-serif;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. futura

Font stack for Futura.

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|n/a|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Type | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=futura
	{
		font-family: Futura, Century Gothic, AppleGothic, sans-serif;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. garamond

Font stack for Garamond.

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|n/a|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Type | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=garamond
	{
		font-family: Garamond, Hoefler Text, Times New Roman, Times, serif;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. geneva

Font stack for Geneva.

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|n/a|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Type | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=geneva
	{
		font-family: Geneva, Verdana, Lucida Sans, Lucida Grande, Lucida Sans Unicode, sans-serif;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. georgia

Font stack for Georgia.

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|n/a|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Type | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=georgia
	{
		font-family: Georgia, Palatino, Palatino Linotype, Times, Times New Roman, serif;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. gillsans

Font stack for Gill Sans.

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|n/a|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Type | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=gillsans
	{
		font-family: "Gill Sans", Calibri, Trebuchet, sans-serif;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. impact

Font stack for Impact.

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|n/a|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Type | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=impact
	{
		font-family: Impact, Haettenschweiler, Arial Narrow Bold, sans-serif;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. palatino

Font stack for Palatino.

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|n/a|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Type | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=palatino
	{
		font-family: Palatino, Palatino Linotype, Hoefler Text, Times, Times New Roman, serif ;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. tahoma

Font stack for Tahoma.

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|n/a|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Type | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=tahoma
	{
		font-family: Tahoma, Geneva, Verdana;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. trebuchet

Font stack for Trebuchet.

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|n/a|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Type | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=trebuchet
	{
		font-family: 'Trebuchet MS', Tahoma, Arial, sans-serif;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. warnock

Font stack for Warnock.

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|n/a|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Type | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=warnock
	{
		font-family: "Warnock Pro", "Goudy Old Style","Palatino","Book Antiqua", Georgia, serif;
	}
</code></pre>