h1. links

Quickly style all the link colours

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|!normal|-|The normal link state|color|
|!hover|-|The hover link state|color|
|!active|-|The active link state|color|
|!visited|-|The visited link state|color|
|!focus|-|The focus link state|color|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Utilities | n/a | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=links(!normal, !hover, !active, !visited, !focus)
	{
		& 
		{
			color:!normal;
		}
		
		&:hover
		{
			color:!hover;
		}
		
		&:active
		{
			color:!active;
		}
		
		&:visited
		{
			color:!visited;
		}
		
		&:focus
		{
			color:!focus;
		}
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. crisp-text

Safari text shadow (anti-aliasing) fix.

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|-|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Utilities | n/a | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=crisp-text
	{
		text-shadow:rgba(0,0,0,0.01) 0 0 1px;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. rounded(!radius)

Adds border-radius to the element in its many forms.

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|!radius|-|The amount of curve|unit|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Utilities | n/a | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=rounded(!radius)
	{
		-webkit-border-radius:!radius;
		-moz-border-radius:!radius;
		border-radius:!radius;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. horizontal-list

Turns a ul into a horizontal list, ready to be used as a menu.

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|-|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Utilities | reset,clearfix,no-bullet,float | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=horizontal-list
	{
		+reset;
	  	+clearfix;
		
		li
		{
			+no-bullet;
			+float(left);
			white-space:nowrap;
		}
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. no-bullet

Removes the bullet from the list element

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|-|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Utilities | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=no-bullet
	{
		list-style-type:none;
		margin-left:0;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. no-bullets

Removes the bullet from the entire list

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|-|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Utilities | no-bullet | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=no-bullets
	{
		li
		{
			+no-bullet;
		}
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. inherit

Styles the element the same as its parent.

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|-|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Utilities | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=inherit
	{
		font:inherit;
		color:inherit;
		background:inherit;
		border:inherit;
		text-decoration:inherit;
		text-shadow:inherit;
		text-transform:inherit;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. reset

Resets the margin and padding.

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|-|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Utilities | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=reset
	{
		margin,padding:0;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. reset-box

Resets the box model

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|-|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Utilities | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=reset-box
	{
		margin,padding,border:0;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. reset-all

Resets almost everything

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|-|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Utilities | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=reset-all
	{
		margin: 0;
		padding: 0;
		border: 0;
		background: none;
		font-weight: inherit;
		font-style: inherit;
		font-size: 100%;
		font-family: inherit;
		vertical-align: baseline;
	}
</code></pre>

<hr/>

h1. debug

Adds styles to the element to make it easy to see. Requires Safari to use as it uses background-clip/origin and multiple backgrounds. Sorry everyone else!

* Purple area is the padding
* Orange area is the content
* Green area is the border

|_.Param|_.Default value|_.Description|_.Values|
|-|-|-|-|

|_.Module |_.Extends|_.Added|_.Updated|
| Utilities | - | 1.1 | n/a |

Code:
<pre><code>
	=debug
	{
		background:
			url('/demo/images/content.png') top left repeat content,
			url('/demo/images/padding.png') top left repeat padding,
			url('/demo/images/border.png') top left repeat border
		;
	}
</code></pre>