Plugins have the ability to create new @rules like @constants and @grid. Here is the reference for all of the @rules created by Scaffold.

h2. constants

|_.Plugin|_.Many?|_.Added|_.Updated|
|Constants|Yes|1.0|1.1|

Used to set constants within your CSS. The constants can be any text you wish.

*Example*

<pre><code>@constants
{
	bgcolor:#fff;
	textcolor:#000;
	lighttext:#999;
	boxwidth:200px;
	subcolumnwidth:400px;
}
</code></pre>

Then use the constants:

<pre><code>#id
{
	background:!bgcolor;
}
</code></pre>

h2. colors

|_.Plugin|_.Many?|_.Added|_.Updated|
|Constants|Yes|1.1|-|

Functions identically to @constants except that it is more semantically understandable. By keep the colors in one spot, and in this list, it makes it easier for other developers to see the colors used throughout your stylesheets.

*Example*

<pre><code>@colors
{
	bgcolor:#fff;
	textcolor:#000;
	lighttext:#999;
}
</code></pre>

h2. grid

|_.Plugin|_.Many?|_.Added|_.Updated|
|Layout|No|1.0|1.1|

These are required settings for the layout plugin. You define your column width, column count, baseline and gutterwidth. It will generate classes, mixins, constants and properties based on these settings. It uses the 960.gs style of grid. That is, it has a gutter on the left and right of the column and is floated left.

The default grid, if you don't define and grid settings, is identical to the 960.gs.

*You can only have one of these in your stylesheet.*

*Example*

<pre><code>@grid 
{
	column-width:60;
	gutter-width:10;
	column-count:12;
	baseline:20px;
}
</code></pre>

h2. import

|_.Plugin|_.Many?|_.Added|_.Updated|
|Import|Yes|1.0|1.1|

Overrides the standard CSS import declaration and does it server-side to combine all the files into one. Use in in exactly the same way as the standard @import

*Example*

<pre><code>@import '/css/src/layout.css';</code></pre>

h2. if

|_.Plugin|_.Many?|_.Added|_.Updated|
|Conditional|Yes|1.1|-|

Allows you to do simple if statements. Currently it doesn't support elseif or else. 

*Example*

<pre><code>@if(!browser == "Internet Explorer")
{
	@import '/scaffold/snippets/ie-fixes.css';
}
</code></pre>