h2. grid-width

|_.Plugin|_.Default Value|_.Added|_.Updated|
|Layout|960px|1.1|-|

The total width of your grid. Default is 960px. *Requires the @grid settings*.

*Example*

<pre><code>#id
{
	width:!grid-width;
}
</code></pre>

h2. column-width

|_.Plugin|_.Default Value|_.Added|_.Updated|
|Layout|60px|1.1|-|

The width of a single column. Default is 60px. *Requires the @grid settings*.

*Example*

<pre><code>#id
{
	width:!column-width;
}
</code></pre>

h2. column-count

|_.Plugin|_.Default Value|_.Added|_.Updated|
|Layout|12|1.1|-|

The total number of columns. Default is 12. *Requires the @grid settings*.

*Example*

<pre><code>#id
{
	width:eval(!column-width * !column-count)px;
}
</code></pre>

h2. gutter-width

|_.Plugin|_.Default Value|_.Added|_.Updated|
|Layout|10px|1.1|-|

The width of the gutter. Default is 10px. *Requires the @grid settings*.

*Example*

<pre><code>#id
{
	margin-top:!gutter-width;
}
</code></pre>

h2. baseline

|_.Plugin|_.Default Value|_.Added|_.Updated|
|Layout|20px|1.1|-|

The line-height/baseline of the grid. Default is 20px. *Requires the @grid settings*.

*Example*

<pre><code>#id
{
	height:eval(!baseline + 9)px;
}
</code></pre>

h2. grid_image_data

|_.Plugin|_.Default Value|_.Added|_.Updated|
|Layout|-|1.1|-|

Special constant used by =showgrid mixin. Outputs the base64 data of the dynamically generated grid background image. *Requires the @grid settings*.

*Example*

<pre><code>=showgrid
{
	background:url(!grid_image_data);
}
</code></pre>

h2. assets_url

|_.Plugin|_.Default Value|_.Added|_.Updated|
|Scaffold|-|1.1|-|

The path to the assets folder as defined by the config.php.

*Example*

<pre><code>#id
{
	background:url(!assets_url/titles/booyah.png);
}
</code></pre>

h2. css_url

|_.Plugin|_.Default Value|_.Added|_.Updated|
|Scaffold|-|1.1|-|

The path to the css folder as defined by the config.php.

*Example*

<pre><code>#id
{
	background:url(!css_url/booyah.css);
}
</code></pre>

h2. scaffold_url

|_.Plugin|_.Default Value|_.Added|_.Updated|
|Scaffold|-|1.1|-|

The path to the scaffold folder as defined by the config.php.

*Example*

<pre><code>#id
{
	background:url(!scaffold/snippets/booyah.png);
}
</code></pre>

h2. span-x

|_.Plugin|_.Default Value|_.Added|_.Updated|
|Layout|-|1.1|-|

The width of x number of grid columns. *Requires the @grid settings*.

*Example*

<pre><code>#id
{
	width:eval(!span-10 - 10)px;
}
</code></pre>

h2. browser

|_.Plugin|_.Default Value|_.Added|_.Updated|
|Browsers|null|1.1|-|

The name of the users browser. Can be:

* Opera
* Internet Explorer
* Shiira
* Firefox
* Chimera
* Phoenix
* Firebird
* Camino
* Netscape
* OmniWeb
* Safari
* Konqueror
* Epiphany
* Galeon
* iCab
* Lynx
* Links
* HotJava
* Amaya
* IBrowse

*Example*

<pre><code>@if(!browser == "Opera")
{
	width:1px;
}
</code></pre>

h2. version

|_.Plugin|_.Default Value|_.Added|_.Updated|
|Browsers|-|1.1|-|

The version number of the users browser.

*Example*

<pre><code>@if(!browser == "Internet Explorer" && !version == 6)
{
	#id
	{	
		+has-layout;
	}
}
</code></pre>